I've been doing the front-end work mostly. Ran into some issues that I had to figure out how to resolve. Felt nice when I got passed the issue. Been trying to get the Navbar to display properly. Have been having issues with getting Bootstrap to display features properly. Found out a solution with an import that I needed to remove from what Vite and React had pre imported into a file. Once I removed that it made it look nicer but not 100% the way I want it to look. Showed Preston what I have been working on so he could help with some of the front end material. I have been adding various pages so they are ready to be populated once the backend is ready to go.
I haven't really been spacing my entries out and it's looking a bit messy. Here's an effort to make it look less messy! Nav bar took awhile to get it fixed up to something nice. Decided to scrap all the bootstrap as it was giving me trouble when trying to edit certain parts of it. I replaced it with my own CSS and it looks far nicer than what it was. Started working on a home page and it is almost doing what I want it to do. The picture background is a wee-bit wonky but is still in a satisfactory state. I have a couple more implementations to make to the home page and after that I will be messing around with the workout detail page. Had to fix some merges and got things up to date!
Worked on the front-end pages getting them operating right and making calls to the back-end to present the right data. Styling will come soon. A little more functionality and we will start with making it look pretty. I know Material UI has been implemented now so a bit of what I did got changed a little but it's looking even better now!
Wrote a unit test and have been having trouble getting it to work. I've tried a million and one differnet ways and it has been getting a bit frustrating but I digress. I with the help of the team will conquor this beast of an issue!
Still working on the unit test but have been making progress.
Got help from a SEIR and finally got the test working! Had to revert some things to how I was originally trying so I added stuff that just brought me further away. Naming conventions were really what ended up tripping me up on the test earlier but now it's working and it is very relieving! Time to style!
Styling went alright. Had some issues that broke much of the site on my end. Old version I suppose of the site. Jessie and I took some time to troubleshoot it and got it resolved. Had an extra "/" at the end of something we needed along with some other changes that needed to be adjusted with the .env file and some others. Used Material UI to stylize some pages. We just have to fix colors and all. The Workout page looks pretty good. Made the accodion look better on the detail page and made some adjustments to the Create Workout page. It looks simple but better. Adjusting colors would be nice. Color and font changes coming up for the last day of the projecterino!
Onto the final day. Crunch time! Mostly color and fonts to do. The plan is to gather as a group and make those changes today and well get those taken care of together! Final day went pretty good. Was nice being able to code with everyone in a group.