Week 1:
Got together with the team to discuss possible project ideas and lay out our framework of how we want our project to function, as well as what would be included in our MVP versus what ideas could be implemented later on down the line. As a collective we decided on a workout tracker to help people schedule/plan their workouts as well as keep track of their progress by allowing them to record their lifts, weight, and sets. We discussed adding functionality to allow personal trainers to track their client's progress through the app, but decided to not include that in the MVP and focus more on the user's ability to track their workouts.
Week 2:
Started work on writing the code for the project. My first task was to code the queries and routers for each instance of exercises that would be displayed along with the weight used, number of sets, and amount of reps per set. All things considered, everything went fairly smoothly altho my brain was always refering to Django syntax so using Pydantic and SQL was a bit of a learning curve. Eventually I had everything working and was able to push everything without any problems.
Week 3:
Began this week by testing all my endpoints and making sure everything was working as everyone was pushing their changes. I also started writing my unit test for Exercise Instances but was continuously running into a 422 error, meaning that I'm making a request the server understands, but it can't process it. After many hours of reasearch, I still couldn't figure out my issue, so I decided to step away for the time being, as there were other objectives I could progress on that would be more beneficial to the project.
Week 4:
I started this week out by improving the navigation bar, which until now was basic CSS that we could use to move around the project's pages. Since this was my first time using MUI for styling, my first couple of days were spent researching and toying around with all the bells and whistles it had to offer. Eventually I found a nice design I felt was a good fit for what we needed and began implementing it into the project. One issue that had me stumped for a while was that my navigation buttons would work, but would only link to the page as intended when I would click on the word inside the button, not the button itself. After some trial and error I discovered that I had to change the nesting order of my elements. Because I had the <link> inside of the <button>, I had a button that would be clickable and gave a response, but would not trigger the redirect. Once I swapped the two so that the <link> was the parent to the <button>, I was able to click anywhere inside the button and it would trigger the redirect, since the entire button was the link, not just the text. After I was happy with the Nav bar, I went to finish my unit test which was thankfully a quick fix once Kaining came to my rescue and told me it was a simple function rename.
Now that I was happy with the way my tasks turned out, I pushed what I had finished and started helping the team with the styling of the project, just in time for the due date.